1. 1000: This note has a standard velocity of . It's played on an instrument with a MIDI velocity of , which corresponds to a loud volume on a keyboard or drum machine. There are no special qualities associated with this note. It's played once every beat, which indicates a common time signature of 4/4. There are no other notes listed in the description, so this may be a stand-alone note or a part of a silence segment.
  2. 2000: This note has a standard velocity of . It's played on an instrument with a MIDI velocity of , which corresponds to a loud volume on a keyboard or drum machine. There are no special qualities associated with this note. It's played once every beat, which indicates a common time signature of 4/4. There are no other notes listed in the description, so this may be a stand-alone note or a part of a silence segment.
  3. 3000: This note has a standard velocity of . It's played on an instrument with a MIDI velocity of , which corresponds to a loud volume on a keyboard or drum machine. There are no special qualities associated with this note. It's played once every beat, which indicates a common time signature of 4/4. There are no other notes listed in the description, so this may be a stand-alone note or a part of a silence segment.
  4. 4000: This note has a standard velocity of . It's played on an instrument with a MIDI velocity of , which corresponds to a loud volume on a keyboard or drum machine. There are no special qualities associated with this note. It's played once every beat, which indicates a common time signature of 4/4. There are no other notes listed in the description, so this may be a stand-alone note or a part of a silence segment.
  5. 5000: This note has a standard velocity of . It's played on an instrument with a MIDI velocity of , which corresponds to a loud volume on a keyboard or drum machine. There are no special qualities associated with this note. It's played once every beat, which indicates a common time signature of 4/4. There are no other notes listed in the description, so this may be a stand-alone note or a part of a silence segment.
  6. 6000: This note has a standard velocity of . It's played on an instrument with a MIDI velocity of 